Fisher & Phillips LLP
George A. Reeves, III
Partner

Columbia
1320 Main Street
Suite 750
Columbia, SC 29201

(803) 255-0000 Tel
(803) 255-0202 Fax
Writer’s Direct Dial:
(803) 740-7677
Writer’s E-mail:
greeves@fisherphillips.com

June 24, 2026

VIA EEOC RESPONDENT PORTAL

Jacquie Jones-Mounts
Acting Local Director
Greenville Local Office
United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission

Re:      Response to Charge of Discrimination
         Complainant: Elizabeth Lord
         Respondent: Blackstream International Real Estate
         EEOC Charge No.: 436-2026-00698


Dear Ms. Jones-Mounts:

        This letter is in reference to the above-captioned Complaint filed by Elizabeth Lord. This
law firm represents the Respondent/Employer Blackstream International Real Estate in this Charge
as well as Contender Development, Inc., in Charge No. 436-2026-00670, in which Lord has
asserted identical allegations. This letter together with the attachments constitute the Company’s
response to Lord’s current Charge. 1

       In her Charge, Lord alleges that she was discriminated and retaliated against in violation
of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act. Blackstream denies the allegations contained in
her Charge and maintains that any and all actions taken against Lord were done so for legitimate,
non-discriminatory and non-retaliatory reasons. As set forth below, Lord cannot establish her high
burden under the ADEA that but for her age, she would have been treated in any other manner.




1
  By filing this response, the Company does not waive any legal defenses it may have to the Charge. For example, the
Company may raise jurisdictional procedural defects as complete or partial defenses to the Charge. Additionally, the
Company may present and rely on additional facts or matters not set forth in this response. At a later date, if such
presentation is necessary, the Company also reserves the right to supplement this response to address additional facts,
information, or other matters, as the circumstances may deem appropriate.



FP 64641140.1
June 24, 2026
Page 2



                                     II.      POSITION STATEMENT

         A.       Blackstream Is an Equal Opportunity Employer

       Blackstream is firmly committed to equal employment opportunity and providing a work
environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. The Company is
committed to providing all employees and applicants equal opportunity in employment and a work
environment free from all forms of discrimination, harassment, and retaliation. The Company’s
relevant non-discrimination and harassment policy is attached as Exhibit 1.

         B.       Lord’s Employment with the Company

       Lord began her employment with Blackstream International Real Estate, LLC
(“Blackstream”) 2 in July 2022 as Marketing Director. In the Spring of 2025, the relationship
between Lord and one of her co-workers, Haley Cape 3, had deteriorated to the point where it was
decided that Lord would be offered the opportunity to move over to Contender full time in April
2025. Despite the fact that both Lord and Cape both reported to Christine Brodsky, Lord felt that
Cape was holding clandestine meetings with Brodsky and Michael Mumma, Blackstream’s Chief
Executive Officer. No such clandestine meetings occurred and even if they did, Cape would have
been free to meet directly with higher level management on projects she was working on. Lord
also began demanding that Cape keep her fully informed of all the work she was doing. In essence,
Lord viewed Cape as a subordinate and began treating her as such despite the fact that Cape did
not report to Lord. This increasingly caused friction between the two.

        At around this same time, Blackstream was experiencing increased demand for graphic
design centric services in connection with the digital marketing of homes, a skill that more clearly
aligned with Cape’s talents. Contender had also been experiencing significant growth and had a
need for a full-time Marketing Director who could focus on global brand strategy across several
of Contender’s business lines; this fit nicely within Lord’s skills and experience. However, Lord
was not “told” that she was being transferred as she alleges in her Charge. Instead, management
met with Lord to discuss the opportunity for this transition prior to that date and gave her the option
to transition over to Contender or remain in her current role at Blackstream 4. Lord responded that
she wanted the new title of “Chief Marketing Officer” 5 and to be included in high level
management meetings. In essence, she sought to expand the scope of her role. The Company did

2
  Blackstream is a residential real estate brokerage firm which is a licensee of Christie’s International Real Estate.
Contender and Blackstream are separate entities with some overlap in ownership. Contender is a real estate
development firm. Although Lord was employed by Blackstream initially, her role included performing marketing
services for both Blackstream and Contender.
3
  Cape was hired in August 2023 to perform administrative functions and graphic design work. Her title was that of
Services and Experiences Coordinator. Both Cape and Lord reported to Christine Brodsky, Blackstream’s Chief
Operating Officer.
4
  Contender accommodated Lord when she made the transition. Lord was presented with Contender’s standard offer
of employment letter. She objected to the non-compete provision. It was removed, but she still refused to sign. Lord
also refused to sign the standard employee handbook acknowledgment.
5
  No such position exists.



FP 64641140.1
June 24, 2026
Page 3



not, however, feel that her vision of the position aligned with that of the Company given the nature
of her position and duties which would not change with her transition to Contender. Lord further
suggested working with the Company as an independent contractor but her proposed rate would
have resulted in her receiving substantially higher compensation. Ultimately, Lord accepted and
transitioned to her role with Contender on May 1, 2025. Lord’s new role did not result in a decrease
in compensation, and her duties and responsibilities remained largely the same.

         C.      Lord’s Complaint and the Company’s Response

    On November 14, 2025, Lord provided her direct manger, Thomas Phillips, Chief Growth
Officer, a letter in which she complained that she was being discriminated against, harassed, and
retaliated against based on her age, and that she was being “constructively discharged” from her
position. 6 The letter set forth a laundry list of items that she claimed were evidence of her claims
such as an alleged comment made by CFO Peter Reinert about why she was so concerned about
her job title (recall she requested the title of Chief Marketing Officer) “at her age” that was
allegedly made in an April 25, 2025 meeting with Ford Elliott, Chief Executive Officer, Cameron
Aldridge, Human Resources Director, and Reinert; an alleged age-related comment she overheard
other employees saying about another employee; and her belief that another employee “disclosed
her age” causing her “extreme embarrassment.” Lord concluded her complaint with a demand of
a $350,000.00 severance package.

    Lord’s Complaint was then provided to Aldridge, Human Resources Director. Aldridge
conducted an investigation into her claims and provided her with a response on November 24,
2025. In that response, Aldridge explained that a number of the concerns that Lord raised in her
complaint were duplicative of concerns that had previously been raised and addressed by the
Company. However, Aldridge specifically addressed Lord’s age-related allegations. With regard
to Lord’s claim that Reinert made a comment about her age in the April 25, 2025 meeting, Aldridge
explained that Reinert denied making any comments. Aldridge further pointed out that he was also
in that meeting and that he had no recollection of Reinert making any comments about Lords’ age.
Aldrige then explained that the comment about an older worker that she believed she overheard
was incorrect. He explained that one of the employees Lord alleged to have been involved was not
present for that conversation. Instead, Aldridge explained that he was involved in that conversation
with another employee and they were discussing when they both worked in the hotel industry and
how they preferred to hire older employees because of their skills and dependability. Lord
responded by initially admitting that she may have misremembered the conversation, only to later
walk that back by insisting she overhead something. Finally, Aldridge explained that Cape – the
employee who allegedly “disclosed” Lord’s age – denied that she made any such comment and
that Cape did not know Lord’s age. Aldridge concluded the Company’s response by stating that
the Company declined to discuss a severance with her and, instead, hoped that she would continue
working with the Company. A copy of this response is attached as Exhibit 2.

6
 It should be noted that at the time of this complaint, Lord was still employed with the Company and there was no
action against her or discussions of her termination. Indeed, Lord is still employed with the Company in her same
position. Therefore, she could not have been “constructively discharged.”



FP 64641140.1
June 24, 2026
Page 4



           D.      Lord’s 2025 Evaluation

        On October 17, 2025, a couple of weeks prior to her complaint to the Company, Lord
completed the self-evaluation portion of her 2025 employee performance review. This was the first
evaluation Lord had for her new role as Director of Marketing for Contender. Phillips, Lord’s
supervisor, then completed his portion of the evaluation and met with Lord to discuss her
performance. This meeting took place on December 15, 2025 – a few weeks after Lord provided
Phillips with her complaint. Phillips gave Lord the highest performance rating – “excellent” – in
each category and gave Lord nothing but positive comments and feedback on her review. A copy
of Lord’s 2025 performance review is attached as Exhibit 3. Further, Phillips recommended Lord
receive a 5% increase in her compensation, which she received retroactive to January 1, 2026 as
is the case with all employees who earned increases this year.

           E.      Contender Counsels Lord for False Information

         Prior to Lord’s annual performance review meeting, Phillips and Aldridge discussed a
separate issue with Lord. On December 8, 2025, an employee of Blackstream sent Reinert a text
in which the employee stated that Lord had told him that Contender was “out of money and they
couldn’t make payroll.” Because of this, the employee said Lord told him he should start looking
for other work. Lord’s statement was entirely false and, for obvious reasons, concerned Reinert.
Because of the seriousness of the false statements Lord had allegedly made about the Company’s
ability to pay its employees, Aldridge asked Lord about the alleged comments. Lord did not deny
that she made the statements and claimed that another employee – Stuart Owen 7– had made similar
comments. Lord was counseled that her statement about the financial situation of the Company
was false and counseled not to discuss such false statements in the future. The counseling was
documented as a “verbal warning” and had no impact on her evaluation, her compensation, job
duties or otherwise. A copy of this verbal warning is attached as Exhibit 4. The group then
continued the meeting to discuss Lord’s annual performance evaluation, as discussed above.

        Because Lord told Aldridge and Phillips that Owen made similar statements, Aldridge met
with Owen the following day, December 16, 2025, to discuss Lord’s allegation. Although Aldridge
did not disclose that Lord had reported his alleged comment, he did explain that concerns were
raised about him making comments about the Company’s financial status. At the time, Owen
denied making any statements similar to Lord’s; however, he did admit to telling some employees
that the Company was in a “holding pattern” on some projects, but denied telling other employees
to consider finding other employment. Aldridge and Owen exchanged emails confirming this
discussion and Owen’s denial of Lord’s allegations. A copy of this email exchange is attached as
Exhibit 5. Although Owen initially represented that he had never made such comments, the
Company later received information from another employee which contradicted Owen’s response
to the Company. The Company then issued a warning similar to Lord’s to Owen.



7
    Owen is 34 years old.



FP 64641140.1
June 24, 2026
Page 5



                 III.    COMPANNY’S RESPONSE TO LORD’S CLAIMS

        As evidenced by the information provided in this Response and the Exhibits attached
hereto, Lord has not – and cannot – meet her “but for” burden to show discrimination or retaliation
under the ADEA.

        First, Lord has failed to show any adverse employment action was taken against her. Lord’s
transition from Blackstream to Contender resulted in no changes in her compensation, pay, or other
benefits or conditions of employment. That decision was based primarily on the Company’s need
for a full-time Marketing Director dedicated to Contender Following her transition, Blackstream
no longer had a Marketing Director and, therefore, her role with that entity was not assumed by a
younger employee as she alleges.

        Second, the verbal warning that Lord received was not an adverse employment action as it
has had no impact whatsoever on her employment with Contender. The Company was notified by
a concerned employee that Lord had told them that the Company could not afford payroll. This
statement was blatantly false, and Lord had no basis or reason to make such a statement. It
understandably created concern not only on the part of the employee who raised the issue, but the
Company’s management. When confronted with the comment, Lord did not deny she made it.
Because Lord admitted to making a statement – that was false – about the Company, Contender
had a legitimate business reason for counseling Lord against making false statements in the future.
This had nothing to do with her age, and this is evidenced by the fact Contender then issued a
verbal warning to Owens – who is younger than Lord - after the Company confirmed that he too
made false comments about the Company’s financial status.

        Third, Lord appears to put much stock in the age-based comment allegedly made by
Reinert. As stated above, Reinert and the Company absolutely deny any such comment was made.
Assuming for the sake of argument only that such a comment was made, it is not evidence of age-
based animus because (a) Reinert is 67 years old and therefore also a member of the same protected
class as Lord and (b) it is a classic “stray remark” that is not actionable in any event.

         Finally, Lord cannot establish a claim of retaliation. While it is true that Lord made a
complaint of age discrimination in November 2025, that complaint was investigated and not
substantiated. Nonetheless, Phillips – who was the same manager to whom Lord made the
complaint – gave Lord an excellent performance evaluation and recommended her for an increase
in her salary only weeks after she made her complaint. Lord was disciplined for her comments
after she made her complaint for one simple reason – the Company learned of the false statements
about 3 weeks after she made the complaint. In any event, as discussed above, the verbal warning
that she received does not constitute an adverse employment action for purposes of an ADEA
retaliation claim.




FP 64641140.1
June 24, 2026
Page 6



                                    IV.    CONCLUSION

        In sum, Contender has established that none of the actions Lord complains of rise to the
level of discrimination or retaliation under the ADEA and that any actions Contender has taken in
this matter were done so for legitimate, non-discriminatory and non-retaliatory reasons.



      Because Lord cannot present any credible evidence of discrimination or retaliation, the
Contender requests the Commission issue a “no cause” determination and dismiss Lord’s Charge.

                                            Sincerely,




                                            George A. Reeves III
                                            Partner
                                            For FISHER & PHILLIPS LLP



Enclosure (Exhibits 1-5)




FP 64641140.1
EXHIBIT 1
                               EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK
                                 AT-WILL DISCLAIMER

ALL EMPLOYEES OF THE COMPANY ARE EMPLOYEES-AT-WILL. THIS HANDBOOK
OR ANY OF ITS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS ARE NOT TO BE CONSIDERED A CONTRACT
OF EMPLOYMENT OR AS OTHERWISE ALTERING EMPLOYEE’S AT-WILL
EMPLOYMENT STATUS IN ANY MANNER OR RESPECT. THE COMPANY RESERVES
THE RIGHT TO TERMINATE ANY EMPLOYEE’S EMPLOYMENT AT ANY TIME FOR
ANY OR NO REASON, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE AND WITH OR WITHOUT PRIOR
NOTICE.
NOTHING IN THIS EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK IN ANY WAY CREATES AN EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED CONTRACT OF EMPLOYMENT. THIS EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK MAY BE
AMENDED, MODIFIED, OR TERMINATED AT ANY TIME. FURTHER, THE COMPANY
RESERVES THE RIGHT TO EXERCISE TOTAL DISCRETION IN THE APPLICATION OF
THIS HANDBOOK AND ITS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS.
ALL EMPLOYEES OF THE COMPANY ARE EMPLOYEES-AT-WILL. THIS HANDBOOK
OR ANY OF ITS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS ARE NOT TO BE CONSIDERED A CONTRACT
OF EMPLOYMENT OR AS OTHERWISE ALTERING EMPLOYEE’S AT-WILL
EMPLOYMENT STATUS IN ANY MANNER OR RESPECT. THE COMPANY RESERVES
THE RIGHT TO TERMINATE ANY EMPLOYEE’S EMPLOYMENT AT ANY TIME FOR
ANY OR NO REASON, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE AND WITH OR WITHOUT PRIOR
NOTICE.
NOTHING IN THIS EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK IN ANY WAY CREATES AN EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED CONTRACT OF EMPLOYMENT. THIS EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK MAY BE
AMENDED, MODIFIED, OR TERMINATED AT ANY TIME. FURTHER, THE COMPANY
RESERVES THE RIGHT TO EXERCISE TOTAL DISCRETION IN THE APPLICATION OF
THIS HANDBOOK AND ITS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT: I hereby acknowledge my status as an at-will employee of the
Company, receipt of this Handbook, and understand it replaces and supersedes all previously
issued handbooks, policies, procedures, and practices.
Signature: ______________________________________ Date: ________________

Printed Name: ___________________________________

  THIS EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK SUPERSEDES AND REPLACES ALL PREVIOUS EMPLOYEE MANUALS,
                 HANDBOOKS OR PERSONNEL POLICIES, MEMORANDA, ETC.
                                                                                          1
       Full-Time – Employees who are not temporary employees, independent contractors, or
independent consultants and who are regularly scheduled to work at least 30 or more hours per week.

       Part- Time – Employees who are not temporary employees, independent contractors, or
independent consultants and who are regularly scheduled to work less than 30 hours per work week.

        Temporary Employees – Employees who are hired as interim replacements to temporarily
supplement the workforce or to assist in the completion of specific project. Employment assignments in
this category are of limited duration, and all temporary employees are at-will, regardless of the
anticipated duration of the assignment.

        Independent Contractor or Consultant – These individuals are not employees of the Company
and are self-employed. An independent contractor or consultant is engaged to perform a task according
to their own methods and is subject to control and direction only as to the results to be accomplished.
Independent contractors or consultants are not entitled to benefits, and the Company can terminate the
contract at any time, with or without cause.

Each employee will be advised of his or her status at the time of hire and any change in status. Regardless
of the employee’s status, the employee is employed at-will, and the employment relationship can be
terminated by the Company or the employee at any time, with or without cause.

4.0 EEO STATEMENT, AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES                                          ACT       POLICY,
& PREGNANCY RELATED MEDICAL ACCOMMODATIONS

4.1 EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY POLICY

In order to provide employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, the Company strives
to base employment decisions on merit, qualifications, and abilities. The Company does not discriminate
in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity,
sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.

Any employee with questions or concerns about any type of discrimination in the workplace is
encouraged to bring these issues to the attention of their immediate supervisor or the CEO, President, or
Executive Vice-President. Employees can raise legitimate concerns and make reports without fear of
reprisal. Anyone found to be engaging in any type of unlawful discrimination will be subject to
disciplinary action, up to termination of employment in the Company’s sole discretion.

4.2 AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT POLICY

The Company complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”) and strives to provide a work
environment free from discrimination against qualified individuals with disabilities. We adhere to
applicable federal, state, and local laws to offer equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals
with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations may be provided for qualified individuals with
                                                                                                           8
disabilities unless that accommodation produces an undue hardship or a direct threat to health or safety.
Qualified individuals with disabilities should notify the Company of the need for such accommodation,
in writing. Upon receipt of an accommodation request, the Company may meet with the requesting
employee to discuss and identify the limitations of the employee’s ability to perform the essential
functions of his/her job and potential accommodation that the Company might make to help overcome
those limitations without undue hardship to the Company or a direct threat to health or safety. The
Company may also request one or more doctor’s input, or the input of other professionals, with any
medical records necessary to make decisions regarding the qualification of a condition as a disability
under the ADA, specific job restrictions, the ability to continue or return to work with or without
reasonable accommodation, and any other issues or recommendations that relate to the request for
accommodation. However, the Company has the ultimate discretion as to whether a request for
accommodation is reasonable.

4.3 PREGNANCY AND RELATED MEDICAL CONDITIONS ACCOMMODATIONS

The Company complies with the South Carolina Pregnancy Accommodations Act, the Pregnant Workers
Fairness Act, the PUMP Act, and other similar state and federal laws where applicable, and will consider
requests for reasonable accommodation for pregnancy-related medical conditions in accordance with
those laws.

5.0 ATTENDANCE POLICY

Punctuality and regular attendance are essential to the successful operation of the Company’s business.
When you accept a position with our Company you assume obligations. One of those obligations is to
perform the duties of your position during the times specified. You are expected to be punctual and keep
absences to a minimum. Failure to report, unjustified or excessive absence or tardiness may result in
discipline, up to and including discharge from employment. Additionally, punctuality and attendance are
factors that may be taken into account when determining promotions, salary increases and qualification
for other benefits.

Due to the nature of our business, certain positions will be required to work remotely or offsite. If you
are classified as one of those employees, you must be actively performing your job duties and available
during normal business hours to receive and respond to timely phone calls, emails, and texts. Failure to
not be available or perform your job duties may result in discipline up to and including termination.

You may work from home on designated work from home days, and only days at the manager’s or
supervisor’s discretion. You must inform your manager or supervisor in a timely manner of your
intentions and reasoning.

Classifications of Absenteeism




                                                                                                       9
Absenteeism generally refers to a circumstance in which an employee is habitually absent or not present
at work during normally scheduled work hours. The employees’ absences may be either scheduled or
unscheduled.
    • Scheduled: Absences typically scheduled in advance include vacation, medical appointments,
       military service, family activities, jury duty, funerals, and other events which cannot be
       scheduled outside of regular work hours.
    • Unscheduled: Absences typically occur as a result of illness, family emergencies, transportation
       emergencies, family member illness and/or death, and household emergencies such as flooding.

Supervisors may designate absences are excused or unexcused.

   •   Excused: An excused absence is one which is scheduled and approved by the employee’s
       manager in advance of the absence for such events as vacation, medical appointments, military
       service, jury duty, funerals, and events or activities which are scheduled outside of regular work
       hours. Unscheduled absences for illness, family member illness or death, and similar
       unanticipated circumstances may also be treated as “excused.” Typically, there is no disciplinary
       consequence for an excused absence, unless the employee is habitually absent.
   •   Unexcused: An unexcused absence is one that is not approved by an employee’s manager or
       embraced in the employer’s policies and procedures. It may be more likely to lead to disciplinary
       consequences than an excused absence.

No-Call/No-Show - No-call/no-show refers to those instances where an employee does not call-in
advance and fails to show during his/her workday schedule as well as when an employee calls in late but
subsequently fails to show during his/her entire shift. Employees are expected to give the Company as
much advance notice of a call out as possible, and in no event shorter than 24 hours prior to your shift,
unless circumstances require it (i.e., person becomes sick 8 hours before shift).

No call/no show creates an administrative burden on fellow employees. It also impacts on our
commitment to providing exceptional service to our clients. The first instance of a no-call/no-show may
result in corrective action. The second separate offense may result in termination of employment with
no additional corrective action steps. Any no-call/no-show lasting three consecutive days is considered
job abandonment and could result in immediate termination of employment, which will be designated
as a voluntary resignation. If the employee has already been issued corrective action for attendance when
a no-call/no-show incident occurs, the corrective action process may be accelerated up to and including
termination of employment.

6.0 HARASSMENT AND/OR DISCRIMINATION POLICY

The Company absolutely prohibits and will not tolerate any illegal discrimination or harassment in its
workplace. Accordingly, all employees are expected to maintain a productive work environment free
from harassing, discriminatory or disruptive activity. No form of harassment or discrimination will be
tolerated, including, but not limited to, harassment or discrimination for the following reasons: race,

                                                                                                      10
color, religion, sex, pregnancy, age, national origin, physical or mental disability, military status, gender
identity, or sexual orientation.

The Company is committed to working to prevent such conduct, to investigate complaints of
inappropriate conduct, and to remedy violations of this policy. If you reasonably believe that you have
been subjected to any form of harassment, you should (1) affirmatively inform the offender/harasser that
such conduct is unwelcome; and you must (2) report the incident immediately to your supervisor, HR,
or the CEO. Further, if you witness harassing or discriminatory behavior, you are required to report it
immediately to your supervisor, CEO, or Director of Human Resources. Employees should not allow
any inappropriate situation to continue by not reporting it, regardless of who is creating that situation.
No employee is exempt from the requirement to report conduct that may be in violation of this policy.

The Company will investigate complaints of harassment and/or discrimination and will make every
attempt at being mindful of an employee’s requests for discretion. Notwithstanding, the Company
cannot promise complete confidentiality. The Company is required to investigate promptly and
thoroughly, and this process may include interviewing relevant parties. Should an investigation disclose
a violation of this policy, the Company will undertake appropriate corrective action designed to rectify
the conduct and prevent any recurrence. Under no circumstances will the Company tolerate any
retaliation against an individual for making a complaint, in good faith, under this policy or for
participating in the investigation of any such complaint.

Any employee who engages in any prohibited conduct may be subject to discipline up to and including
termination, in the sole discretion of the Company.

6.1 DEFINITIONS OF DISCRIMINATION AND HARASSMENT

“Discrimination” is defined as any unfavorable treatment that is based on race, color, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, disability, pregnancy, veteran or military status,
age and/or any other categories protected by federal, state, or city ordinances.

“Harassment” is defined as unwelcome verbal or physical conduct that denigrates or shows hostility or
aversion toward an individual because of his or her race, color, sex, religions national origin, disability,
pregnancy, veteran or military status, age, and/or any other categories protected by federal, state, or city
ordinances and that:

   •   Has the purpose or effect of creating an intimidating, hostile, or offensive working environment.
   •   Has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual’s work performance.
   •   Otherwise adversely affects an individual’s employment opportunities.

Examples of harassing and/or discriminatory conduct include, but are not limited to the following:

   •   Verbal comments, slurs, negative stereotyping, or threatening, intimidating, or hostile acts that
       relate to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, pregnancy, veteran or military status,
       age, and/or any other categories protected by federal, state, or city ordinances.
                                                                                                             11
   •   Written or graphic material that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion toward an individual or
       group because of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, pregnancy, veteran or
       military status, age, and/or any other categories protected by federal, state, or city ordinances and
       that is placed on walls, bulletin boards, or elsewhere on our premises or is circulated in the
       workplace. This is mainly an example of discrimination.
   •   Unwelcome requests for sexual favors or sexual advances.
   •   Verbal harassment, comments directed towards a person’s race, color, sex, religion, national
       origin, disability, pregnancy, veteran or military status, age, and/or any other categories protected
       by federal, state, or city ordinances or such as sexual innuendoes, suggestive comments, jokes of
       a sexual nature, sexual propositions or threats.

Because of our strong disapproval of offensive or inappropriate behavior at work, all employees must
avoid any action or conduct which could be viewed as harassment of any kind.

Sexual Harassment

Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination, which is a violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964. The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) has defined sexual harassment
as:

Unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, and other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual
nature constitute sexual harassment when:
    •   Submission to such conduct is made explicitly or implicitly a term or condition of an individual’s
        employment.
    •   Submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as a basis for employment
        decisions affecting an individual.
    •   Such conduct has the purpose or effect of substantially interfering with an individual’s work
        performance or creating an intimidating, hostile, or offensive working environment.

Examples of sexual harassment include but are not limited to the following:
   •  Unwanted physical contact or conduct includes flirting, touching, brushing the body, sexual
      advances or propositions.
   •  Verbal harassment of a sexual nature, such as lewd comments, sexual jokes or innuendo, jokes
      about gender-specific traits, or references to appearances.
   •  Insulting or sexually suggestive written, recorded or electronically transmitted messages.
   •  Display in the workplace of demeaning, insulting, intimidating, or sexually suggestive objects,
      pictures or photographs.

6.2 REPORTING HARASSMENT AND/OR DISCRIMINATION

If at any time you feel that you or any other employee has been subjected to discrimination or harassment
of any nature, you must report the incident immediately to your supervisor, CEO, or Director of Human
Resources. If, for any reason, you do not feel comfortable notifying your immediate supervisor about

                                                                                                         12
the matter or if your supervisor is the offending party, you may notify any member of the management
team. Employees are encouraged to make any such complaints in writing.

Early reporting and intervention have proven to be the most effective methods for resolving actual and/or
perceived incidents of harassment and/or discrimination in the workplace. Therefore, while no specific
time period for reporting harassment and/or discrimination has been established, the Company strongly
urges all employees to promptly report any and all complaints or concerns immediately or as soon after
as possible so that appropriate action can be taken as soon as possible and to prevent unwelcome conduct
from becoming pervasive and/or severe.

6.3 RETALIATION

The Company prohibits any form of retaliation against any employee who reports a suspected incident
of discrimination and/or harassment or who cooperates in an investigation of any such conduct. Any
individual who violates this policy or retaliates against an employee in any way may be subject to
disciplinary action, up to and including termination, in the sole discretion of the Company.

6.4 FALSE ACCUSATIONS

Retaliation or discrimination against an employee for reporting or complaining about harassment and/or
discrimination is prohibited. However, the Company will not tolerate false accusations because they
may have serious effects on innocent individuals. Making false accusations is a form of misconduct and
may result in serious impairment of our efforts to administer this policy properly and effectively for the
benefit of all employees. Accordingly, such misconduct may result in disciplinary action, up to, and
including termination, in the sole discretion of the Company.

6.5 INVESTIGATIONS

The Company will take the necessary steps to promptly and impartially initiate an investigation into a
discrimination and/or harassment claim and will conduct its investigation in as confidential and timely
manner as possible. Once a resolution of each complaint is reached, the Company will then communicate
its findings to the employee and any of the other parties involved.

All complaints of harassment and/or discrimination will be treated with discretion and as confidentially
as possible, except as necessary to investigate the complaint or as required by law. Accordingly, the
Company will attempt to investigate and resolve complaints of harassment and/or discrimination in a
discrete manner. However, confidentiality cannot be guaranteed. When a supervisor, the CEO, or any
other member of management is notified of alleged harassment and/or discrimination an investigation
will take place as promptly as possible, which may involve interviewing relevant parties. Refusal to
participate in an investigation may lead to disciplinary action up to and including termination.

6.6 RESOLUTION OF COMPLAINTS OF HARASSMENT AND/OR DISCRIMINATION


                                                                                                       13
Misconduct constituting harassment, discrimination, and/or retaliation may be dealt with promptly and
appropriately with the Company retaining the right to exercise discretion in deciding whether
disciplinary action, up to and including termination, is appropriate. The Company may, within its sole
discretion, take responsive action which it believes is appropriate under the circumstance. Such action
may include any warning or disciplinary action, up to and including immediate termination, as The
Company may decide in its sole discretion.

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO ALL EMPLOYEES: Employees who have experienced conduct they
believe is contrary to this policy have an obligation to take advantage of the complaint process described
in this policy. An employee’s failure to fulfill this obligation and to avail themselves of the protections
provided in this policy could affect his or her rights in pursuing future legal action.

7.0 DRUG AND ALCOHOL POLICY

The Company considers drug and alcohol abuse a serious matter that will not be tolerated. The Company
absolutely prohibits employees from using, selling, possessing, or being under the influence of illegal
drugs, alcohol, or a controlled substance or prescription drug not medically authorized while at their job,
on Company property, or while on work time.

Therefore, it is Company policy that:
    1. You may not report to work under the influence of alcohol, illegal drugs, or any controlled
         substance or prescription drug not medically authorized.
    2. You may not possess or use alcohol, illegal drugs, or any controlled substance or prescription
         drug not medically authorized while on Company property or on Company business. We also
         caution against use of prescribed or over-the-counter medication, which can affect your ability
         to perform your job safely.

Reasonable suspicion
   1. The Company will test employees for the presence of illegal substances or alcohol upon
      reasonable suspicion.

Post-Accident Drug Testing
   1. In addition to the above, the Company will require employees to undergo testing immediately or
      as soon as practicable after any accident or incident in the workplace.

A violation of this policy may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of
employment.

8.0 POLICY AGAINST VIOLENCE

The safety and security of our employees, clients, vendors, contractors, and the general public is of the
highest importance to the Company. The Company is committed to working with our employees to
provide a work environment free from violence, intimidation, and other disruptive behavior. Violating
                                                                                                        14
EXHIBIT 2
Elizabeth Langworthy Lord
109 Asteria Street
Greenville, SC 29617
Via Hand Delivery

November 24, 2025



RE:    Notice of Claims dated November 14, 2025 and Related Materials (the “Notice”)



Dear Beth:

This letter will serve as the response of Contender Development, Inc. and the other entities
you mentioned in the Notice (collectively, the “Company”). For the reasons that follow, the
Company denies that any of your claims are actionable and respectfully declines your offer
of a severance package.

The vast majority of the complaints set forth in the Notice are duplicative of concerns you
have previously expressed. The Company has addressed them in an appropriate fashion as
part of the ongoing interactive process between you and the Company.

While I will not attempt to refute every detail set forth in your Notice, I would like to take this
opportunity to respond to your allegations of age-based comments:

You allege Peter Reinert made a comment expressing age animus during a meeting on or
about April 25, 2025. Mr. Reinert denies making any such comment. I was present in that
meeting and have no recollection of any such comment.

You allege over-hearing a conversation between Connor Parsons and Adam Plous regarding
an older employee. Mr. Plous was not part of that conversation. Instead, it was between Mr.
Parsons and myself where we were recounting our days in the hotel business and our
preference for hiring older employees due to their skills and dependability. When I followed
up with you later, you indicated that was not the conversation you were referring to, but you
could not offer any additional details other than Messrs. Plous and Parsons were alleged to
be discussing an employee at the Company’s North Charleston Element hotel; neither
gentlemen has any recollection of such a conversation.

You allege that Haley Cape shared your age with other co-workers. Ms. Cape denies that
occurred and stated she does not know your age.
Last, your preservation request is acknowledged. The Company will adhere to its obligations
under the law.

You obviously feel strongly that you have been treated unfairly by the Company and it is
regrettable that you feel that way. However, the Company denies in the strongest possible
terms that you have been discriminated against and respectfully submits that it has
addressed your grievances and concerns in a timely and appropriate manner.

We very much hope you keep working at the Company. For that reason, we have no interest
in engaging in discussions concerning a severance package as you have suggested.

My door is always open should you desire to discuss this letter or anything else for that
matter.

Sincerely,



Cameron Aldridge
Human Resources Director
EXHIBIT 3
EXHIBIT 4
EXHIBIT 5
From:           Stuart Owen
To:             Cameron Aldridge; Stuart Owen
Cc:             Peter Reinert; Christine Brodsky; Michael Mumma
Subject:        Re: Recap Conversation 12.16.25
Date:           Tuesday, December 16, 2025 2:56:06 PM
Attachments:    image001.png
Importance:     High


Good Afternoon,

Thank You for meeting with me, as I've stated in our meeting that I haven't expressed any
comments or conversations regarding the financial state of the company to any employees,
more that we are in a holding pattern on projects and no news is good news.
I trust the leadership team to direct the company and have faith in the direction and outlook of
the business moving into the near future.

I've never expressed to anyone regarding employment opportunities outside of any of the
companies.
I am very satisfied with my role at Contender America and the divisions of contender and
working alongside Blackstream International Real estate and look forward to the opportunity
of growth within Contender and Blackstream in emerging markets and new opportunities in
the new Year

Thank you for Your Time
Stuart Owen

From: Cameron Aldridge <Cameron.Aldridge@ContenderAmerica.com>
Sent: Tuesday, December 16, 2025 2:48 PM
To: Stuart Owen <Stuart.Owen@ContenderAmerica.com>
Cc: Peter Reinert <Peter.Reinert@ContenderAmerica.com>
Subject: Recap Conversation 12.16.25

Hi Stuart,

Thank you for taking the time to speak with me this afternoon. I wanted to provide a brief
recap of our conversation.

We discussed concerns that had been raised regarding comments attributed to you about the
company’s financial status and statements suggesting that employees should consider seeking
other opportunities. You indicated that you have not made such comments and expressed
curiosity about the source of this information. I explained that, due to confidentiality
requirements, I am unable to share the origin of the feedback.

You clarified that the only messaging you have shared with others is that the company is
currently in a holding pattern, and you confirmed that you have never advised anyone to look
for another job. I thanked you for your transparency and emphasized the importance of being
mindful of messaging and audience when discussing company matters.
I also reiterated that the company is performing well and continuing to grow, and that there is
no cause for concern. Employees are encouraged to direct any questions about the company to
Peter or me directly.

Please feel free to reach out if you have any questions or need further clarification.

Thank you,
